[processor/tailsampling] Add new policies to composite policy (#6975)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- `ecstaskobserver`: Fix "Incorrect conversion between integer types" security issue (#6939)
- Fix typo in "direction" metrics attribute description (#6949)

> - Add support for new policies as composite sub-policies in tail sampling processor (#6975)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tailsamplingprocessor`: Add support for new policies as composite sub-policies (#6975)
```
